## Nostrocket is for project creators
Nostrocket makes it easy for you to bring your project or idea forward to a stage where you can quit your job and focus on what really matters, despite your lack of funding.

Nostrocket is radically transparent and fair to project creators, contributors, and investors, for the **entire life** of the project. In order to be an ongoing process, it **must** be fair to all participants, every step of the way, from the project founder to people joining years later.

Subrockets offer no scope for middle-manning or rent-seeking, and are immune to hijack by charismatic personalities and grifters seeking to exploit the work of others. This is critical to efficiency.

* * *

## Nostrocket is for developers
Nostrocket means you get paid to work on awesome projects solving real problems for real people. 
- You can work on Subrockets no matter how much or how little experience you have. 
- Nostrocket helps you become more competent by providing you with an opportunity to make meaningful and valuable contributions at your own [zone of proximal development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zone_of_proximal_development) and learn from others who know something you don't.
- There's no task delegation. You only work on the problems you enjoy. 
- You decide how much every pull request is worth based on how much time you spent on it and your level of competence. If you're not dishonest, you get to keep working on Subrockets.
- You can choose to be paid immediately in sats, or you can take shares in the project's future revenue.

* * *

## Nostrocket is for investors
Nostrocket is the best way to invest in projects building on Bitcoin, Lightning, and Nostr. But that's just the icing on the cake.
- Subrockets are hyper-efficient with capital and do not require a middle man between your investment and the developers writing code.
- Every Subrocket is solving a **real** and **valuable** problem that people will pay to use.
- Funds are only ever spent on **real** problems that are in the **critical path** to generating revenue.
- Nostrocket is a **noncustodial** system - revenue generated by Subrockets go directly to the shareholders. Subrockets do not require an intermediary step of miscalculating profit and loss.
- Your investment does not go into a bucket that is then used to pay for work. Instead, your investment is paying for work that is **already** done, and you can see **exactly** what that work is.